HSEARCH-4963 API to run analysis on a given String (#3967)
hibernate/hibernate-search: documentation/src/main/asciidoc/public/reference/_backend-lucene.adoc

You can also find useful resources on the web, for example in Elasticsearch's documentation.
====

[[backend-lucene-analysis-run-analysis]]

> === Applying configured analyzers/normalizers to a string

Reviewer: I get where you're coming from, but it feels like a shame that we end up duplicating content.

What do you think of doing this instead:

* Introduce a top-level section called "Explicit backend/index operations", perhaps just after "Searching" and before "Lucene backend"
* Introduce a subsection there called "Applying analyzers/normalizers to a string"

Then we could move more stuff there. For example, these look like they could belong in this new section:

* https://docs.jboss.org/hibernate/stable/search/reference/en-US/html_single/#mapper-orm-indexing-manual-largescale
* https://docs.jboss.org/hibernate/stable/search/reference/en-US/html_single/#backend-lucene-access-analyzers
* https://docs.jboss.org/hibernate/stable/search/reference/en-US/html_single/#backend-lucene-access-size
* https://docs.jboss.org/hibernate/stable/search/reference/en-US/html_single/#backend-lucene-access-index-reader
* https://docs.jboss.org/hibernate/stable/search/reference/en-US/html_single/#backend-elasticsearch-access-client

I've always thought it was weird that we put backend-specific predicates in the predicates section, but backend-specific operations in the backend sections... That would solve it.

We can totally do the moving of all these sections in a separate PR, though.

Author: ok I've made an attempt on moving these around 😃 🙈

include::../components/_incubating-warning.adoc[]

> Hibernate Search provides an API that runs a configured analyzer/normalizer against a given string.

Reviewer: It should work with built-in analyzers, too. Also I'm not sure one "runs" an analyzer?

```suggestion
Hibernate Search provides an API that applies an analyzer/normalizer to a given string.
```
